# Post project report

We were aiming at doing a complete reproduction of PAC-MAN in our own way, but we didn't had enough time to do so. We were limited so we decided to put away some stuff we wanted to add at the beginning of the project. So the project goals haven't been reached totally, but enough to be proud of ourselves. 
The game is playable, the santa claus head is moving with the keyboards arrows, there are the collisions, pellets, reindeers, and the maze is implemented.  
We didn't succeed to meet the deadlines we set at the beginning of the project, as milestones weren't reached on time for the most of it.  
We used a lot DosBox and the books that have been given to us, to work more efficiently on the code.  
All the members were committed to the project, we all gave our best to succeed, Mathis was working on the code at 100%, Loris were more working on the design with Lucas, because he was struggling a lot more to code in Assembly than Mathis. Laura-Lee was managing the GitHub and advising Mathis for the code. Wilfried started the project by working with Mathis with the code, but he started early to focus on his test plan and on the test itselves. And I worked on the management, as it were my role in the team. So I created a Trello, a project Gantt, I did my best to motivate all the team members, keeping a good energy, at first, it was difficult for me to allocate tasks efficiently but I ended up adapting to each member, so it was a lot smoother.  
During the project we also had a few issues with the code and also with the participation degree of certains members, resulting in some kind of team conflict, but we solved it very fast and kept going forward. For the code problems, Mathis and Laura-Lee found solutions themselves.  
Additionally, we learned to worked all together, who was best at what and all, what was the behaviors of certains members, and how could we keep a good atmoshpere.   
At first we were very motivated, as Mathis was learning in front of all of us in the ampitheatre with Garry, so we progressed a lot faster than the other teams, but we rapidly lost this motivation, as the project was going forward and the other teams too. I recognize that I didn't found the solution to motivate the team enough.  
We didn't go out looking for feedback on our project because we were a bit dismayed that we'd had to remove features from the game, and whe knew that the game was incomplete and that all the team worked a lot for its realisation. So it was a little moment of sadness.  
So we are proud of this project, even if we didn't go as far as we would have liked, we were a cohesive team with a good spirit. We learned a lot from each other, it was a very good experience for all of us. It will permit us to do even better for the next projects.